[CUSTOMER] Okay.
[AGENT] Hello. Thanks for calling. How can I help
you?
[CUSTOMER] Hello. I just talked to someone that works
with you and he told me that he's
not able to give me a friend script.
Can you help me or not
[AGENT] Uh uh Yeah, sure. Uh What did that
person tell you?
[CUSTOMER] that he wasn't able to give me a
transcript because I am currently in a subject
that I haven't finished.
[AGENT] Oh uh uh well, well that that shouldn't
be, please let me check.
[CUSTOMER] Bye 01024.
[AGENT] What is your I. D. Number? Oh, okay.
Okay. Okay. It says here that you don't
have a subject finished. However, that should not
be a problem. We can have it ready
by today if that's okay.
[CUSTOMER] Oh, thank you so much.
[AGENT] Oh yeah, sure. And we are very sorry
for the inconvenience when you come uh to
pick up your transcript. We will give you
a free sweatshirt.
[CUSTOMER] Thank you. That sounds great. Goodbye.
[AGENT] Bye bye.